The very next resort is a subnet route table association.
What that means is we do have a route table in the BPC and it has rules,
but the BPC could have a lot of subnet,
not just 1, 2, 4,
10, it could have many subnets.
So you need to specify this rule that we just created to which subnet does it apply.
In this case, we are applying a two public subnet 1.
Following that is another association where
applying the same rule to public subnet number 2.
Now, we're going to create another route table and probably another one.
This is for the private routing,
so let's get into that part.
So we create that route table and right away,
we create a rule that say, ''Hey,
when you're routing traffic to the wildcard address which is 000,
this time, I want you to send it to the NAT gateway.
I don't want you to be able to exit to the outside.''
This will keep the traffic for the private subnets within the BPC.
Also something to remember,
the private BPC servers are not going to have a public address.
So even if they were placed on a public subnet,
there's no way to access them if they have no IP address.
Now, we do this association,
we associate private subnet 1 with this rule that we just created,
and then we do the same thing for private subnet number 2.
Now, you might notice that we have created an additional routing table. Why is that?
It seems unnecessary because we just could create
the same rule and a single route table and apply it to both private subnets.
That would be ideal.
You're going to have to trust me on this one,
this is for future expansion.
When you could have more subnets and more complex rules,
you don't want to just have a single place where you put
a rule and you could affect and break something else.
So this is something that seems unnecessary
right now but it will help you with future expansion.
This is all the resources we're doing right now,
so we're going to save and execute.
So I'll hit "Save" and update our Stack one more time.